Document Snaps homepages (#1082)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/reference/exports.md

```

<!--/tabs-->

## onHomePage

:::flaskOnly
:::

> To build an embedded UI in MetaMask that any user can access via the Snaps menu, a Snap must export `onHomePage`. 
> This method is called when the user clicks the Snap name in the Snaps menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build an embedded UI in MetaMask that any user can access through the Snaps menu, a Snap must export `onHomePage`. 
This method is called when the user selects the Snap name in the Snaps menu. 
```
